chore: Introduce pre-commit (#119)
awslabs/dynein: README.md

# Misc

## Development

> For development, we use `rustfmt` and `clippy` to maintain quality of source codes.
> Before starting, please ensure installation of both components;

Reviewer: nit: grammar (it's a matter of taste though)
```suggestion
For development, we use `rustfmt` and `clippy` to maintain the quality of our source code.
Before starting, please ensure both of components are installed;
```

Author: Thank you. Your suggested change feels clear. But, I remove `of` after `both`.

Reviewer: ah yes, that's what I meant. thanks!

```shell
rustup component add rustfmt clippy
```

Additionally, we use `pre-commit` hooks to execute automated linting and basic checks.

> Please set it up before creating commit;

Reviewer: nit: grammar
```suggestion
Please set it up before creating a commit;
```

Author: fixed
